Alrighty, so now in this section,
we'll cover billing address.
And again, it's just more of the same.
We've already did the work for shipping address,
and we'll do a similar thing here for our billing address.
Alrighty, so step one is specifying
the validation rules for the form controls,
and we'll do this for billing address.
So our focus here is for billing address.
Right now there are no validation rules
and we're going to add some,
and we'll simply copy the same rules from shipping address,
and this is really easy because they have the same fields.
And just give me a quick second
to kind of fix the formatting here.
Okay, so this is in place
and this coding here looks pretty good.
So now in step two we'll define the getter methods
to access the form controls.
So this will be really easy,
we can just copy the shipping address methods
and we'll rename them, and use them for billing address.
Alright, so be sure to update the method names
and also the field names.
Alright, so this looks pretty good here
as far as the updates for those methods.
Good job.